hi I'm Michele welcome to the craft
kitchen if you like kabobs but you're
not sure how to make them I'll show you
how to expertly grill them using this
great recipe I know you're gonna love
called sweet BBQ chicken kabobs so to
start I soaked in water eight long
wooden skewers and will use two per
kebab now if you want you can also use
flat metal skewers now to make our
kabobs I'll use two skewers and what I
have is one pound of boneless skinless
chicken breast cut into chunks I have
fresh chunks of pineapple and also red
and green peppers cut into chunks so now
I'm going to thread on one piece of
chicken the two skewers help to keep
everything on the kabobs nicely then I'm
gonna place on a piece of pineapple
until alternate the fruits and
vegetables on and then two pieces of
peppers and I'll just keep alternating
along the skewer now you can use beef
chicken pork or shrimp and for fruits
and vegetables you can experiment and
use whatever you like but it's really
important to remember that all of the
pieces need to be cut the same size to
allow for even cooking now for the sauce
I have in this bowl 1/2 a cup of Kraft
original barbecue sauce and to it I'm
going to stir in three tablespoons of
thawed orange juice concentrate and then
just gonna stir these two together I'm
going to pour half the sauce into
another Bowl perfect now I'm going to
use this half I'm going to brush my
kabobs
with the sauce
make sure to brush all sides of the
kabobs now if you'd like you can
marinate the kabobs in the sauce for a
few hours or overnight remove the kabobs
from the marinade just before grilling
now we're going to grill the kabobs for
8 to 10 minutes on medium-high heat
make sure to use long handle tongs it's
easier to put the kebabs on the grill
make sure to turn the kabobs
occasionally to make sure that there's
even cooking fresh the kabobs
occasionally with the remaining sauce
simple to make and absolutely delicious
these elegant kabobs will really jazz up
your next summer party for more great
recipe ideas and videos visit us at
craft Canada com
you